1) What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initializing a repository creates a new repository. I need to create a new
repository in order to start a brand new project.

2) How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a temporary workspace where I can add, edit and review
files. It's valuable to have an interim space where I can test things and
either commit them or reset.

3) How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?

I can use the staging area to review changes I've made and commit files 
individually or in batches, depending upon the extent of changes I've made,
as I see fit.

4) What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are helpful when I want to make wider-reaching changes to the code
and I want to make sure I have another version of the code untouched and still
operational. Branches allow me to separate simultaneous versions of code for
experimentation.

5) How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams make the parent-child relationships more explicit, and they help
point out which branches are unreachable.

6) What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?

When two branches are merged, Git sorts through changes that have been made to
each branch and figures out which code should be kept. We represent it as two
separate branches that join at the head to represent the two branches' 
distinct lineages. This allows us to see commits that were made concurrently.

7) What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?

Automatic merging is faster but less detailed. Manual merging is slower, but 
it allows us to choose which version of conflicting code makes the most sense
to move forward with.


